How to get SSL for your domain?

General Into
Well you could get individual certificates foe each FQDN or you could
get a wildcard certificate. Moreover I want it to be automated.

The request for wildcard domains rules out all the clumsy setups based
on docker + certbot + nginx + some other crap.

We are looking for something that has docker + dns + certbot.

Chapter 1
When getting a wildcard certificate you should always get at least two. So for
"example.com" its best to get two: "*.example.com" and just "example.com".

Now the certificates issued by Lets Encrypt are valid for 90 days.
Then they must be renewed. You can read more about the general process
here: 

DNS validation works by checking that a special TXT record is served by the
master DNS server that is responsible for the zone. So your domain name
registrar points to some ns1.example.com and ns2.example.com. Lets Encrypts
certbot gives you a special string that you must put into the zone config file
on the ns1.example.com server. In other words TXT record must be served by
the DNS server that is running on ns1.example.com.

Currently I am hosting my own DNS server. BIND 9 does not have a clean way to
add a record and remove a record. And the problem is that this cycle of add
TXT and remove TXT record must happen once every 30-60 days. And it must be
somehow triggered when certbot starts its challange.

Well the answer is in this thread:
https://community.letsencrypt.org/t/easy-wildcard-one-command-to-rule-them-all/58428/13

The idea is as follows:
1) Host certbot in docker container.
2) Host DNS server in same container.
3) Keep the config out of the container
4) Stop your normal BIND 9 server
5) Run this container
6) The certbot has hooks installed that edit the zone file
    They add the TXT record after challenge start and remove TXT
    record after challenge ends successfully.
7) You have SSL certificates saved outside of the container
8) Stop this container
9) Run normal BIND 9 DNS server
10) Repeat this process once every 30/60 days by stopping BIND 9 container
    and restarting this special container.


The question: why even keep a DNS server in there? Can not we just use certbot hooks?
1) First the hooks are run inside the container, they can edit the zone file, but they
    dont have privilege to restart the container with BIND 9 DNS server. And the
    container must be restarted, in order to reload the modified zone file.
2) I want this to be a self contained solution. Its not good to rely on the presence
    of some external container that will host the DNS server.
